Update configure-dbt-extension.md (#8175)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/configure-dbt-extension.md

#### Configure in the VS Code extension settings

To use the dbt extension menu actions/buttons, you can configure environment variables directly in the [VS Code User Settings](vscode://settings/dbt.environmentVariables) interface or in any `.env` file at the root level. This includes both your custom variables and any automatic [<Constant name="dbt_platform"/> variables](/docs/build/environment-variables) (like `DBT_CLOUD_ENVIRONMENT_NAME`) that your project depends on.

> - Configuring in the **User Settings** works with the dbt extension buttons and menus (for <Term id="lsp" />, "Show build menu," and so on).

Reviewer: I know you didn't add this sentence, but I find it confusing. Are we saying: 
```suggestion
- Configure variables in the VS Code **User Settings** or in any `.env` file to have them recognized by the extension. For example, when using <Term id="lsp" /> -powered features, "Show build menu," and more.
```

> - Not inherited by the VS Code terminal or external shells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VS Code does not inherit variables set by the VS Code terminal or external shells.
```

> - Running a dbt command in the terminal won't fetch or use these variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The terminal uses system environmental variables, and does not inherit variables set in the dbt VS Code extension config. For example, running a dbt command in the terminal won't fetch or use the dbt VS Code extension variables.
```
